README.md, before:

#Icarus

### The blog theme you may fall in love with, coming to Hexo. [Preview](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/)
![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/preview.png "")

#### [View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki)
:star: It is strongly recommended that you read the docs before using Icarus.

## Features

### Profile Sidebar

A nice place to show yourself. You can add your own information in your site's `_config.yml`

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/profile.png "")

### Self-hosted Insite Search Engine
With the help of [Insight Search](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki/Search#insight-search), you can search anything inside your site without any third-party plugin.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/insight-search.png "")

### Custom Comment Services
Icarus supports several comment services, give you better choices to communicate with your readers.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/custom-comments.png "")

### Post Banner & Thumbnail

Thanks to [atika](https://github.com/atika), you can now [add thumbnails or banners](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki/Theme#thumbnail) to every post to create better reading experience.

### Responsive Layout

Icarus knows on what screen size you are browsering the website, and reorganize the layout to fit your device.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/responsive.jpg "")

### Custom Categories & Tags Pages

Get your categories and tags listed in single pages to make your blog more methodic.

### Fancybox

Icarus uses [Fancybox] to showcase your photos. You can use Markdown syntax or fancybox tag plugin to add your photos.

```
![img caption](img url)
```

### Sidebar

Icarus provides 6 built-in widgets:

- recent_posts
- category
- archives
- tag
- tagcloud
- links

All of them are enabled by default. You can edit them in `widget` setting.

Commit message:

feat: replace fancybox with lightgallery

README.md, after:

#Icarus

### The blog theme you may fall in love with, coming to Hexo. [Preview](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/)
![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/preview.png "")

#### [View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki)
:star: It is strongly recommended that you read the docs before using Icarus.

## Features

### Profile Sidebar

A nice place to show yourself. You can add your own information in your site's `_config.yml`

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/profile.png "")

### Self-hosted Insite Search Engine
With the help of [Insight Search](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki/Search#insight-search), you can search anything inside your site without any third-party plugin.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/insight-search.png "")

### Custom Comment Services
Icarus supports several comment services, give you better choices to communicate with your readers.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/custom-comments.png "")

### Post Banner & Thumbnail

Thanks to [atika](https://github.com/atika), you can now [add thumbnails or banners](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/wiki/Theme#thumbnail) to every post to create better reading experience.

### Responsive Layout

Icarus knows on what screen size you are browsering the website, and reorganize the layout to fit your device.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/responsive.jpg "")

### Custom Categories & Tags Pages

Get your categories and tags listed in single pages to make your blog more methodic.

### lightgallery

Icarus uses [lightgallery.js](https://sachinchoolur.github.io/lightgallery.js/) to showcase your photos. Just enable it in your configuration, and that's all!

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/gallery/lightgallery.jpg "")

### Sidebar

Icarus provides 6 built-in widgets:

- recent_posts
- category
- archives
- tag
- tagcloud
- links

All of them are enabled by default. You can edit them in `widget` setting.
