.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**System and Environment**
The version and configuration of Hexo and Icarus.

- Hexo, OS, and node version (use `hexo version` command)
- Site configuration file `_config.yml`
- Theme configuration file `themes/icarus/_config.yml`
- Any additional theme configuration files (post front-matter, `_config.post.yml`, or `_config.page.yml`)

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Desktop (please complete the following information if applicable):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Smartphone (please complete the following information if applicable):**
 - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
 - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

chore(doc): update issue templates and some links

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Please follow this template if you are reporting a bug, or your issue may be closed without further notice. And redirect your Icarus customization questions to Gitter (https://gitter.im/hexo-theme-icarus/community).
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> Make sure you go through the [Hexo docs](https://hexo.io), [Icarus user manual](https://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-icarus/tags/Icarus-User-Guide/), and [GitHub issues](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-icarus/issues) to see if the bug you are reporting has been already addressed by others.

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**System and Environment**
The version and configuration of Hexo and Icarus.

- Hexo, OS, and node version (use `hexo version` command to view these information)
- Site configuration file `_config.yml`
- Theme configuration file `themes/icarus/_config.yml`
- Any additional theme configuration files (post front-matter, `_config.post.yml`, or `_config.page.yml`)
- Browser and version (e.g., Firefox 70.0, Chrome Android 80.0)

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior, such as:

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. '...' error appears

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
